There is a Mystery to where you log into a original Toontown Game that you don't know what to expect.
Random Textures.
Random challenges.
EVERYTHING IS RANDOM.
You don't know what it is.
You don't know what to expect.
ALL THE NEW TOONTOWN MYSTERY!
Play to find out! :D

Level 1 10 HP
Level 2 15 HP
Level 3 25 HP
Level 4 40 HP
Level 5 60 HP
Level 6 90 HP
Level 7 130 HP
Level 8 180 HP
Level 9 240 HP
Level 10 310 HP
Level 11 390 HP
Level 12 480 HP
Level 13 580 HP
Level 14 690 HP
Level 15 810 HP
Level 16 940 HP
Level 17 1090 HP
Level 18 1250 HP
Level 19 1420 HP
Level 20 1600 HP

INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. Click where it says code, or the green thing that shows on your screen, and click download zip.

2. A pop up should occur, select where you want the file to be.

3. After it's downloaded, right click on the file, go to open with, click windows explorer.

4. Find where it says extract all, and click on it. There should be a pop up that says,
   "Files will be extracted to this folder."

5. Click extract. Then you wait.

6. When you're done extracting, go to the downloads, or whereever you extracted it to.

7. There should be a file that looks like a folder. Click on it.

8. Click on it again.

9. There should be a bunch of folders in it and such.

10. Install Panda3D-1.10.0, which is an installation in the source, click on it.

11. Click on dev.

12. Click on win32.

13. SINGLEPLAYER: Click Astron, Uberdog, AI, Startgame, in the start-game, press 1, enter, then type a username, enter.

14. MULTIPLAYER: Click start-game, press 3, enter, type in the mini-server, enter, then type a username, enter.

15. Enjoy the game! If it works for you!!



Useful commands:

~maxtoon

~unites

~fires 255 (or insert any number)

~sos (select an sos name)

~unlimitedgags

~run

~ghost

